Who said I didn’t hit it off
With the Eldest Miss Qín at first sight?
Qín Líng, that idiot
Just give her a small taste of profit
And she’s head over heels for me
Qín Ruò Yǔ, admit defeat
You can’t beat me
So that’s how it is
Then can you tell me
What profits you gave
To the Eldest Miss Qín?
I gave her thirteen billion
Stop bragging
Where’d you get that much money?
Do you know how much
The entire Qín Shì Group is worth?
Hundreds of trillions
Just thirteen billion
Even if I had to sell my blood
Or take out high-interest loans
I’d scrape together that thirteen billion
This deal’s a no-loss
Qín Ruò Yǔ
This battle has only one winner
And you and Qín Fēng
Can only be the losers
Losers
I’m afraid I’ll have to disappoint CEO Fù
Líng, you came at the perfect time
This brat won’t repent
Hurry and kick her out